### 1. Context
Airbnb is a online platform which associates individuals who need to rent out their houses through individuals who are looking for lodgings and rooms in a place/city with a estimated revenue of $900 million.

### 2. Functional Requirements

+ A host lists his/her property details along with pricing, rules, facilities available, etc sometimes even with nearby attractions
+ A user that is looking for a vacation rental searches for a place on the app. They typically set destination, zip codes, a search radius, price range and other preferences
+ Upon finding a perfect place to rent, a user then makes a booking request
+ The host receives a booking request and then decides whether to approve or not
+ If a host approves a request, an amount gets deducted from user’s bank via a payment gateway
+ After the stay, the payment automatically gets paid to the host
+ User and host both review each other

#### Dealing with Payment scam and Fake Listings

+ Duplicate listings with different addresses
+ Fake listing photos and/or address
+ Fake reviews by friends or family of host
+ An illegal listing that causes problems for guests
+ Host demanding extra cash
+ Host blackmailing guests
+ Host falsifies damages
+ Demands offsite payment
+ Fake scam emails
+ Host blackmails guest for a good review
+ Fake reviews by friends or family of host

Machine learning algorithms can be used to detect fake listings before they ever go live on platform. The technology can actually evaluate fake listings on the basis of several of hundreds of risk signals such as host reputation, template messaging, duplicate photos and other discrepancies. When a listing is predicted as fake by these algorithms, it can be blocked immediately before appearing on the app.

### 3. Define Non-Functional Requirements 
- Over 100 million users.
- 640,000 hosts
- Around 2 million listings
- 500,000 guests stay per night via Airbnb
- 191 countries and 65,000 cities Airbnb are actively involved in.
- Total monthly active users  (MAU) = 40 % 100 million = 40 million
- Let's assume 25% of MAU as active daily, So daily active users (DAU) = 25% of 40 million = 10 million per day.


### Reference
- https://hackernoon.com/how-to-build-an-app-like-airbnb-405f3c5872f9
- https://medium.com/@himanishaik48/airbnb-system-design-most-frequently-asked-question-in-technical-interviews-262e999f437
- https://enqueuezero.com/airbnb-architecture.html
- https://www.codekarle.com/system-design/Airbnb-system-design.html
- https://github.com/puncsky/system-design-and-architecture/blob/master/en/177-designing-Airbnb-or-a-hotel-booking-system.md






